thank you for coming it's really great
to have you here you are in the middle
of a farewell tour right now a worldwide
farewell tour is it really a farewell
tour it is because I don't want to
travel anymore I've been traveling since
over 17 okay ten years ago if you'd have
asked me that question I would said
you're crazy but I have two kids now and
I don't have a family and I want to
spend time in the family and it's only
right they need me I need them and I've
had enough applause and I've had enough
traveling I will make records I will do
the occasional shows I think I'm not
sure but I probably will I'm not gonna
stop being creative but it's um it's for
family reasons I'm doing it I know I
love those boys and I love my husband I
want to spend time with them
well that's nice you know though like I
think shares first farewell tour was
like in 2002 or something and she's
still going
II see and then we've been doing this
for quite some time
obviously when you started out you
played some rough places you played yeah
I don't play you know I played clubs in
with my band blues ology we played to
maybe 3040 people sometimes a 200-300
but we played the club circuit and in
England and Scotland and Wales and it's
called paying your dues you know yeah we
didn't get paid very much but we loved
what we did people would fight and and
uh people would fight you know and when
I played in the pub when I was 16 people
would fight that's how my piano was next
to the window so I could hop out the
window as you in Rocket Man I'm getting
out of here yeah fights but it was just
you know we were playing music that we
love which was R&B and soul and blues
music and you know when I look back on
those days I didn't earn any money but I
didn't have to because I loved what I
was doing I was so pleased to be doing
music for living instead of you know
doing something else you love music and
you loved cocaine very much yes
that align on there's nothing about the
stories in the book that about you that
other people had to tell you and then
you wrote them are there stories that
you don't remember at all I come pretty
much remember all the horror stories
yeah you remember everything I did yeah
I mean I'm you know they're not anything
to be very proud of but there's some of
them funny when you read them the right
for example I was in a hotel at 11
o'clock in the morning in London and I
hadn't gone to bed and I ran the office
up in London to say it was so windy can
someone come and stop it that's what you
call insanity I'd heard that story about
you and I assumed it was not true oh
absolutely yes I'm on the phone and the
guy he's finally lost it yeah and this
must have been I would imagine that it's
freeing in a way to write all these
stories down and to just tell everyone
all this stuff well I was I wanted to
write the book because there's been so
many biographies written about me and I
wanted to tell my side of the story and
so my kids could read it when they're
older the hope certainly not really
[Laughter]
[Applause]
I'm your next farewell tour you like you
know what I'm going back on the road
kids yes they might want to kick me out
yeah yeah so one of the great stories
for a couple reasons in the book is you
let Stevie Wonder drive your snowmobile
now I would have to say just the part of
you owning a snowmobile would be enough
I didn't own it I was at the caribou
ranch in Netherland and I was recording
aho kick snow and Stevie wanted to go
out in a snowmobile and Stevie went
behind the wheel
yeah by himself by himself and we
thought okay that's another rival gone
that's him out the way you need to get
so Collins let's do it up Bob Dylan is
Bob Dylan somebody who considered to be
a rival no he's away above me you played
charades with Bob Dylan I did yeah I
first came to America I went to Neil
Diamond's house because Neil was so kind
to introduce me at the troubadour club
in 1970 and he and his wife Marcia at
the time invited us to dinner and Bob
Dylan said you imagine how I felt and so
afterwards they said let's play charades
and I said great love charades sounds
like two syllables you know the greatest
poet in the world could he do sounds
like two syllables
no no competitive even in a situation
like that where this guy you admire
greatly you become annoyed at him for
nicely oranges the next day my friend
who was there Tony said just remind you
last night you did throw or indeed the
Bob Dylan I went bless his heart he was
you know I love him to death but they
were small they were satsumas
is what you do you make a lot of fun of
yourself and you reveal a lot of things
that there's a story but you be I think
you're in Atlanta and it was a middle it
was late at night or so you were
awakened by a noise yeah and and there
were and there were a couple of guys I
just you know I know I took my hair off
and then I heard this noise and I
thought I'm being burgled
so I was afraid and I thought I've got
to go and see what it is and I heard
these guys know god the lights went on
and I so I grabbed my hair put on
glasses went in the corridor and they
said it's a water leak and so you know
I'm standing there with my underpants
and they're like went back to my room
looked in the mirror and I had it on
backwards
jumped on the snowmobile of Stevie
Wonder and rode away yeah Elton John is
witness this is his book it's called me
boy there's some really really good
gossipy stuff in here you know there's a
lot of fun stuff and I wanted it to be
amusing because I've had an incredibly
amusing life and funny things happen to
me there's a lot of dark stuff in now
there's a lot of true stuff with my
family it's just my life has it happen
I'm ashamed of some of it I'm proud of
some of it but then even though the bad
times happen and it took me a long time
to get through it it may be the person I
am now thank God but it's yeah I'm proud
of it what can I tell you you mentioned
me once under one of your previous
visits here that you are very aware of
the chart you will like check your
singles do you know that your book is
number one on Amazon that you have the
number I did not know that yeah and
thank you very much it is yeah I'll go
out and have a tomato juice day last
time you're here you also said you
didn't have a cell phone is that still
the case it is yeah yeah that's why you
know nobody ever hacked my phone cuz I
don't have one but I you I assume you
have someone who has a cell phone nearby
because of the children obviously I see
and I have an iPad too when I'm not with
the kids too you know faith behind them
and and I'm a bit of a ladder I'm not
very I'm a technophobe in a way because
I like to buy CDs and books and DVDs and
you know I I like the tactile feel of
something so I never downloaded anything
speaking of tactile feel there's
something very unusual is that you yeah
you what I say
listen if it's gonna happen it's gonna
happen with you but you mentioned that
you love to you love paper shredding yes
like writing paper yeah feeding it
through the things there's something
fabulous about it yeah don't send me
this crap and here it goes I just love
it it's very cathartic for me you take
SRA's whatever's around the house and
trapping paper everything yeah wrapping
paper yeah anything goes Christmastime
the shredders light gets red hot and
explodes the birds my balls I've many
foibles that's a pretty goodness an
interesting one yeah ever accidentally
shredded our civil partnership with
David in 2005 we finally decided to do
it at the house and a big marquee and we
only had three weeks to do it and so
David there were 500 600 people that
David did all the table things worst job
by the yeah and so he spent two days to
him and unfortunately his desk or the
office was next to the shredder so I
came down oh look you know all the table
planning I went I just ran out the room
[Laughter]
imagine if that derailed the wedding
we're gonna get married but I shredded
the guest list yes oh oh you know what
can we put the picture of the shoe up
because I want to get the official word
on this in your opinion Elton John what
color is this shoe is easy I'm gay pink
it's
this is the book it's called me Elton
John you can learn everything about them
right here in this book Elton John thank
you so much for being congratulations on
making it to the end of the YouTube
video why not celebrate by clicking the
subscribe button you earned it